Hello my friends, I'm going in today
short tutorial like this skyrim
Install inventory mods on the pc
Can this be the murder of the use of
Inventory user-friendly makes us
closing is the last thing max thing and
that's because it 's normal for that
normal mini is for consoles
thought that's why I use this one
and then you go on the side
left is in the description then on
downloads or stop here and
download the supreme then that comes
get that fast I have already done
then you have this winter here
or zip file depends on it
what you use then goes to computer
local disk and if you skyrim
bought by steam then searched
here in the folder his 86 print the team
come and then on data so the data
even if you do not steam it
Just install it once on pc
have installed us customer then he goes
on it pulls the folder here and turn
also unpack here
existed on tel 32 are already
then installed on all now
would have to be where before only the file was
still the two beginning to come
his
then you can actually do that out
clap and yes you have
actually always that 's it
decide on
could do what you want with me
currently knows and now I delete it
then I could still do it for you
but now I have no desire to show
on it when it seeks not working
he
sometimes in comments then not
I can help him and he works
that's it and that's it
call